what is difference b/w constructor and fucntion in the class
Constructor is used to initialize an object whereas method is used to exhibits functionality of an object.
Constructors are invoked implicitly whereas methods are invoked explicitly.
Constructor does not return any value where the method may/may not return a value.

who gives default constructor?
The Java compiler provides a default constructor if you don't have any constructor in a class. The method is not provided by the compiler in any case.

Is java call by reference or call by value?
Java uses only call by value while passing reference variables as well. It creates a copy of references and passes them as valuable to the methods.

what happens if a final keyword is applied on class and function?
If we initialize a variable with the final keyword, then we cannot modify its value. If we declare a method as final, then it cannot be overridden by any subclasses

why string is passed in main method?
Because by passing String arrays , we can pass all the necessary parameters like options/arguments related to the program in the form of String easily. 

difference b/w java 8 and java7?
Java 7 brings JVM support for dynamically-typed languages plus Type Interference for Generic Instance creation. Java 8 brings the most anticipated feature for the programming 
language called Lambda Expressions, a new language feature which allows users to code local functions as method arguments.

when and why collections were added?
Java Collection Framework enables the user to perform various data manipulation operations like storing data, searching, sorting, insertion, deletion, and updating of 
data on the group of elements

difference b/w collection and collections?
The Collection is an interface that contains a static method since java8. The Interface can also contain abstract and default methods.
Collections contains only static methods.

why string is passed in main method?
Because by passing String arrays , we can pass all the necessary parameters like options/arguments related to the program in the form of String easily.