1.	What Is Http Ip ?
http-hypertext transfer protocol is one of the member of tcp/ip protocol. Which is used to distribute, collaborate information systems and enables web browsers to view content.
tcp/ip-it is a family of communication protocols used to connect computer system to a network.

2.	Write A Java Program To Display All The Information Details About Ur Pc Configuration ?
public class Main {

    public static void main(String[] args) {
	// write your code here
        String nameOS="os.name";
        String versionsOS="os.version";
        String architecture="os.arch";
        System.out.println(System.getProperty(nameOS));
        System.out.println(System.getProperty(versionsOS));
        System.out.println(System.getProperty(architecture));
    }
}

3.	How To Install A Jvm ? 
how to install jvm?
go to www.java.com
click free download
click agree and start download
click run
click install

4.	Examples Of Distributed Systems…
Internet
Network
Telecommunication Network
Database Systems
Mobile Computing Systems
Electronic Banking
Reservation Systems

5.	How Can Yu Stop Re-Declaration In Java ?
using final keyword
using static keyword

6.	Is “Constant” Or “Cnst” Keyword Used In Java ?
Yes, Final Keyword is used instead of constant

7.	Definition Of Compilation And Interpretation
Interpretation is reading or checking the code line by line and if any error is found you can't go further before correcting it. 
Compilation is reading and checking the whole code at once and reporting all errors found in it.

8.	Why Is It Important To Initialize A Local Variable
In Java, class and instance variables assume a default value (null, 0, false) if they are not initialized manually. However, local variables don't have a default value. Unless a local variable has been assigned a value, the compiler will refuse to compile the code that reads it

9.	Explain What Happens In Client Server Structure Response Wen Url Is Clicked
When you click a link on a URL , the browser sends an HTTP Request to the server. This request includes a URL identifying the target server and resource

10.	What Technologies Are Used In Front End
HTML 
CSS
React
Angular
Flutter

11.	What Technologies Are Used In Backend
PHP
Python
C++
Kotlin
Scala
