Name:Thokachichu Nandhini
Id:CAPG48LSRB308

Why do we only have string arguments?
Ans : because the command line only accepts the string...
      because it does only allow String[] . Because everything you pass as argument to your program on the command line can be represented as a string. 
      Not as doubles or integers.


difference between constructor and method?
Ans : Constructor is used to initialize an object whereas method is used to exhibits functionality of an object.

      Constructors are invoked implicitly whereas methods are invoked explicitly.

      Constructor does not return any value where the method may/may not return a value.

      In case constructor is not present, a default constructor is provided by java compiler. In the case of a method, no default method is provided.

      Constructor should be of the same name as that of class. Method name should not be of the same name as that of class.


who gives default constructor? 
Ans : java compiler... the java compiler is the part of jvm.

what are the other roles of jvm?
Ans : JVM --> Converts bytecode to machine-specific code.
      JVM:: Java Virtual Machine, loads , verifies and executes Java bytecode. It is also known as Interpreter or the core of Java Programming languge
      because it executes Java programming. JVM is necessary in both JDK & JRE. It can run programs in other languages also.
      The JNI framework in the JVM enables the Java code running in JVM to communicate with applications associated with a piece of hardware
      & specific os platform. The applications are called native applications and can be written in any languages.
      JVM is specifically responsible for converting a bytecode to machine-specific code and is necessary in both JDK and JRE. 
      It is platform depenent and performs many functions, including memory management and security.
      JVM is foundation, heart of java programming language, and ensures the program's java source code will be platform-agnostic.
      JVM is included in both JRE&JDK. 
      


What is the difference between c and java access specifiers?
Ans : there is no access specifires in c  becuase it not object oriented programming whereas there are four access modifiers in java(public,private,default,protected).

why only jvm gives default constructor?
Ans : because the default constructor is used to provode the default values and this is done by the java compiler. the java compiler is the part of jvm.

who provides extra functions in main method??
Ans : To access or to use a method, we need to call it. A function is called (or invoked, or executed) by providing the function name, 
      followed by the parameters being enclosed within parentheses.

why string is passed in main method?
Ans : Because everything you pass as argument to your program on the command line can be represented as a string. Not as doubles or integers.

what happens if final keyword is applied on variable,class and method?
Ans : If we declare a method as final, then it cannot be overridden by any subclasses. 
      And, if we declare a class as final, we restrict the other classes to inherit or extend it.

What happens if a final keyword is applied on class and function?
Ans :If we initialize a variable with the final keyword, then we cannot modify its value.


Is java call by reference or call by value?
Ans : There is only call by value in java, not call by reference. If we call a method passing a value, 
      it is known as call by value. The changes being done in the called method, is not affected in the calling method

what is difference b/w constructor and fucntion in the class
Ans : Constructor is a block of code that initializes a newly created object. 
      Function is a group of statements that can be called at any point in the program using its name to perform a specific task. 
      Constructor has the same name as class name.

difference b/w java 8 and java7
Ans : Java 7 brings JVM support for dynamically-typed languages ​​plus Type Interference for Generic Instance creation. 
      Java 8 brings the most anticipated feature for the programming language called Lambda Expressions, 
      a new language feature which allows users to code local functions as method arguments.

when and why collections were added
Ans: Increases program speed and quality: The Collections Framework provides high-performance, high-quality implementations of useful data structures and algorithms. The various implementations of each interface are interchangeable, 
     so programs can be easily tuned by switching collection implementations.Collections are used to store, retrieve, manipulate, and communicate aggregate data .

difference b/w collection and collections
Ans:The Set, List, and Queue are some of the subinterfaces of Collection interface, a Map interface is also part of the Collections Framework, but it doesn't inherit Collection interface. The important methods of Collection interface are add(), remove(), size(), clear() etc and
    Collections class contains only static methods like sort(), min(), max(), fill(), copy(), reverse() etc.

collection: 
   1)it an interface 
   2)it is used to represent a group of individual objects as a single unit.
   3)The Collection is an interface that contains a static method since java8. The Interface can also contain abstract and default methods
   
   
 collections: 
    1)it an utility class
    2)it defines several utility methods that are used to operate on collection.
    3)it contains only static methods.

What are functions in java?
Ans : //function without  parameter and without retun type
     //function without parameter and with retun type
     //function with parameter and without retun type
      //function without parameter and with  retun type

    




