Name: Kaluvai Deepak Reddy
RollNo:  CAPG48LSRB305

1) Which one is good Inline CSS or External file ?
A) Inline css is preferable when you need to style specific HTML element. Where as External CSS file preferable when you need to style the entire page.
   The main difference between inline CSS and external CSS is that inline CSS is processed faster as it only requires the browser to download 1 file
   while using external CSS will require downloading HTML and CSS files separately.In Inline,Styling multiple elements can affect your page’s size and download time.
   Inline css is faster when compared to external file but not preferable because it takes long time to code each and every element in the page.My conclusion is like
   using External css is preferable and have lesser drawbacks than that in internal css.

2) Where to use # in css ?
A) we wil use # in order to style the html element which is defined with specific id.
   example: <h1 id = "heading"></h1> now in order to style this we will user #heading{}.

3) Difference between html5 and other html versions ?
A) The most significant difference between older versions of HTML vs HTML5 is the integration of video and audio into the language's specifications. 
   Additionally, HTML5 includes the following updates:
	Deprecated elements like center, font, and strike have been dropped.
	Improved parsing rules allow for more flexible parsing and compatibility.
	New elements including video, time, nav, section, progress, meter, aside and canvas.
	New input attributes including email, URL, dates and times.
	New attributes including charset, async and ping.
	By limiting the need for external plugins, HTML5 allows for faster delivery of more dynamic content.

4) How can you make your page Responsive ?
A) To create a responsive website, add <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"> this meta tag to all the webpages.
   This will set the viewport of your page, which will give the browser instructions on how to control the page's dimensions and scaling.

5) html5 elements ?
A) There are approximately 110 tags in HTML5. There are 32 tags which are newly introduced in HTML5. The following section contains a brief overview of HTML5 Tags. 
   The following list of all HTML5 tags or elements given order by alphabet.

6) Why only react and angular ?
A) The main aim of React. js is to offer an exceptional rendering performance. And the strength of this framework comes completely from its individual elements.
   With this JavaScript framework, rather than focusing on the complete website application, developers can segregate the intricate UI into user-friendly components.
   Modularity is one of the prime reasons why AngularJS is popular among web developers. It allows and enables web developers to create multiple modules for a single web application.
   All these modules are dependent on one another and developers can easily combine them to create a single running application.

7) What are Cookies in backend ?
A) Cookies are tiny pieces of data that the backend can store in the user's browsers. User tracking, personalization, and most important, authentication, are the most common use cases for cookies.
   Cookies have a lot of privacy concerns, and have been subject to strict regulation over the years.

8) What is Json ?
A) JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is a standard text-based format for representing structured data based on JavaScript object syntax.
   It is commonly used for transmitting data in web applications (e.g., sending some data from the server to the client, so it can be displayed on a web page, or vice versa)

9) Understand SOAP ?
A) SOAP is a restful api which is user before postman.SOAP (Simple Object Access Protocol) is a standards-based web services access protocol that has been around for a long time. 
   Originally developed by Microsoft, SOAP isn't as simple as the acronym would suggest. REST (Representational State Transfer) is another standard, made in response to SOAP's shortcomings.

10) What is Node ?
A)  Node. js is primarily used for non-blocking, event-driven servers, due to its single-threaded nature.
    It's used for traditional web sites and back-end API services, but was designed with real-time, push-based architectures in mind.

11) React and Angular difference ?
A)  While Angular is a full-fledged framework for development and testing, React only allows developers to build UI components for their applications.
    On the other hand, React is fast, efficient, and is growing in popularity because it is lightweight and suitable for mobile native and Single Page Applications.

12) Es 5 and Es 6 ?
A)  ES5 uses the Require js module to include a react module or a component. ES6 uses the import module to include a react module or a component.

13) What is Rest controller and controller ?
A)  The main difference between the @restcontroller and the @controller is that the @restcontroller combination of the @controller and @ResponseBody annotation. 
    RestController: RestController is used for making restful web services with the help of the @RestController annotation.
