boolean add(String str){
        //comment
        System.out.println("Hellow " +str  +"can you hear me ?");
        return false;
    }
}


1.why the output is showing false????

Ans: Because the return type is false.

2.difference between constructor and method?

Ans: A method will have a return type and constructor will not have
 any return types. Contructor helps an object to intialize its variables

3.who gives default constructor?

Ans: The Java compiler provides a default constructor if you don't have
any constructor in a class. The method is not provided by the compiler 
in any case. The constructor name must be same as the class name

4.what are the other roles of jvm?

Ans:The JVM has two primary functions: to allow Java programs to run
on any device or operating system (known as the "Write once, run anywhere" 
principle), and to manage and optimize program memory.


5.What is the difference between c and java access specifiers?

Ans: C does not have any access specifiers

6.why only jvm gives default constructor?

Ans: JVM does not provide any default constructor.

7.why string is passed in main method?

Ans: Since the main method is the entry point of the Java program, whenever 
you execute one the JVM searches for the main method, which is public, 
static, with return type void, and a String array as an argument. If anything 
is missing the JVM raises an error.

8.what happens if final keyword is applied on variable,class and method?

Ans: If we initialize a variable with the final keyword, then we cannot modify 
its value. If we declare a method as final, then it cannot be overridden by any 
subclasses. And, if we declare a class as final, we restrict the other classes to 
inherit or extend it.

9.Is java call by reference or call by value?

Ans:Java uses only call by value while passing reference variables as well. It creates
 a copy of references and passes them as valuable to the methods. As 
reference points to same address of object, creating a copy of reference is
 of no harm.
