Assignment questions:                                                                                                                                         
1)When you hit first time to website what data does request and response contain?                                         
2)What are servlets and JSP's?    
Ans:
A servlet is a Java class which is used to extend the capabilities of servers that host applications 
accessed by means of a request-response model. Servlets are mainly used to extend the 
applications hosted by webs servers, however, they can respond to other types of requests too. 
For such applications, HTTP-specific servlet classes are defined by Java Servlet technology.

A JSP is a text document which contains two types of text: static data and dynamic data. The 
static data can be expressed in any text-based format (like HTML, XML, SVG and WML), and 
the dynamic content can be expressed by JSP elements.
                                                                                                                         
3)What are different types of file formats ?  and 4)What is the difference between different file formats?   
Ans:
.AIFF or .AIF	Audio Interchange File Format
.AU	Basic Audio
.AVI	Multimedia Audio/Video
.BAT	PC batch file
.BMP	Windows BitMap
.CLASS or .JAVA	Java files
.CSV	Comma separated, variable length file (Open in Excel)
.CVS	Canvas
.DBF	dbase II, III, IV data
.DIF	Data Interchange format
.DOC or .DOCX	Microsoft Word for Windows/Word97
.EPS	Encapsulated PostScript
.EXE	PC Application
.FM3	Filemaker Pro databases (the numbers following represent the version #)
.GIF	Graphics Interchange Format
.HQX	Macintosh BinHex
.HTM or .HTML	Web page source text
.JPG or JPEG	JPEG graphic
.MAC	MacPaint
.MAP	Web page imagemap
.MDB	MS Access database
.MID or .MIDI	MIDI sound
.MOV or .QT	QuickTime Audio/Video
.MTB or .MTW	MiniTab
.PDF	Acrobat -Portable document format                                 
                                                                                                                                                     
5)Write a java JDBC program making CRUD applications ?  
Ans:
Done and uploaded as DataBaseDemo file
                                                                              
6)What is the foreign key?   
Ans:
A foreign key is a column or group of columns in a relational database table that provides 
a link between data in two tables. It acts as a cross-reference between tables because it 
references the primary key of another table, thereby establishing a link between them.  
                                                                                                                         
7)Installation of postgresql?
Ans:
Done
8)Difference between spring frame work and spring boot ?
Ans:
In the Spring framework, you have to build configurations manually. In Spring Boot there 
are default configurations that allow faster bootstrapping. Spring Framework requires a 
number of dependencies to create a web app. Spring Boot, on the other hand, can get an 
application working with just one dependency.
9)Name of inheritance that java doesnt support ? and why
Ans:
Multiple Inheritance

The reason behind this is to prevent ambiguity. Consider a case where class B extends 
class A and Class C and both class A and C have the same method display(). Now java 
compiler cannot decide, which display method it should inherit. To prevent such situation, 
multiple inheritances is not allowed in java.