1)What is difference between constructor and function?
Ans)Constructor is a block of code used to initializes a newly created object. Constructor has the same name as class name.

Function is a reusable block of statements 

2)Who gives default constructor?
Ans)Jvm

3)what are other responsibilities of jvm?
Ans)Jvm allow Java programs to run on any device or operating system
and to manage and optimize program memory. JVM performs byte-code interpretation, garbage collection, exception handling, thread management, initialization of variables, and type definition.

4)Is java call by reference or call by value?
Ans)Java uses only call by value while passing reference variables as well. 
It creates a copy of references and passes them as valuable to the methods

5)Who is providing the extra functions is java and how to access a function?
Ans)To access or to use a method, we need to call it. A function is called (or invoked, or executed) by providing the function name, 
followed by the parameters being enclosed within parentheses.

6)What happens if a final keyword is applied on class and function?
Ans)If we initialize a variable with the final keyword, then we cannot modify its value.

7)What happens if final keyword is applied on variable,class and method?
Ans)If we declare a method as final, then it cannot be overridden by any subclasses. 
And, if we declare a class as final, we restrict the other classes to inherit or extend it.

8)Why string is passed in main method?
Ans)Because by passing String arrays , we can pass all the necessary parameters like options/arguments related to the program in the form of String easily. 
There can be several parameters! Also, all the other datatypes can be easily converted from String!

9)Why only jvm gives default constructor?
Ans)The Java compiler provides a default constructor if you don't have any constructor in a class. 
The method is not provided by the compiler in any case.

10)Who provides extra functions in main method?
Ans)It is a default signature which is predefined in the JVM. 
It is called by JVM to execute a program line by line and end the execution after completion of this method

11)Difference between java 8 and java7?
Ans)Java 7 brings JVM support for dynamically-typed languages plus Type Interference for Generic Instance creation. 
Java 8 brings the most anticipated feature for the programming language called Lambda Expressions, 
a new language feature which allows users to code local functions as method arguments.

12)When and why collections were added?
Ans)Increases program speed and quality: The Collections Framework provides high-performance, high-quality implementations of useful data structures and algorithms. The various implementations of each interface are interchangeable, 
so programs can be easily tuned by switching collection implementations.

13)Difference between collection and collections?
Ans)The Collection is an interface whereas Collections is a utility class in Java. The Set, List, and Queue are some of the subinterfaces of Collection interface, a Map interface is also part of the Collections Framework, but it doesn't inherit Collection interface. The important methods of Collection interface are add(), remove(), size(), clear() etc and
 Collections class contains only static methods like sort(), min(), max(), fill(), copy(), reverse() etc.