1. if the exception is not in arithmetic exception then how to catch that exception?
   catch(Exception e )
   

2. programs on all sorting and all searching? 

3. what languages do u need to learn as a Android developer? 
   java,kotlin,Dart,XML, Go...



4.what is cloud ?
The cloud refers to software and services that run on the Internet, instead of locally on your computer. Most cloud services can be accessed through a Web browser like Firefox or Google Chrome
  
5.what is cloud from aws? what is cloud from Microsoft?
Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of compute power, database, storage, applications, and other IT resources through a cloud services platform via the Internet with pay-as-you-go pricing. Whether you are running applications that share photos to millions of mobile users or you’re supporting the critical operations of your business, a cloud services platform provides rapid access to flexible and low-cost IT resources. 
AWS has four categories of services under IaaS: 
    Compute
    Content delivery and storage
	Database
	Networking
Azure also has four class offerings: 
	Compute
	Performance
	Data management and databases
	Networking
5.what is html ,css,js?
  html is used for structure of website and css is used to design the Webpage for better layouts for the user..
  javascript is used to control the behaviour of different elements..
  JavaScript is a programming language used primarily by Web browsers to create a dynamic and interactive experience for the user.    

6.pgm on hello world in html
 <html>
 <head>
 <body>
  <p>Hello world</p>
 
 </body>
 </head>
 </html>


7.diff btw java and js
java:
   platform independent
   portable
   simple
   object oriented programming language
   secure
 
java script:
   JavaScript is a weakly typed language and has a more relaxed syntax and rules.
   JavaScript is an object-based scripting language.
   JavaScript code used to run only in the browser, but now it can run on the server via Node.js.
 

8.what are the info present in header when u hit google.com
	Accept -> The types of requests that it will accept.
	User-Agent -> browser identification.
	Accept-encoding
	Connection -> shows that the connection status like it is alive or terminated like that.
	Host -> shows the host website.
  

9. what is cookie?
Cookies are text files with small pieces of data — like a username and password — that are used to identify your computer as you use a computer network.

Specific cookies known as HTTP cookies are used to identify specific users and improve your web browsing experience.
Data stored in a cookie is created by the server upon your connection. This data is labeled with an ID unique to you and your computer.
When the cookie is exchanged between your computer and the network server, the server reads the ID and knows what information to specifically serve to you.
  
10. If JavaScript can do backend then why react and angular ? 
Plain JS apps usually start with the initial UI created on the server (as HTML), whereas React apps start with a blank HTML page, and dynamically create the initial state in JavaScript.
React requires you to break your UI into components, but plain JS apps can be structured in any way you see fit.
Data for plain JS apps are stored in the DOM itself and has to be found from the DOM before it can be used.
React apps store data in regular JavaScript variables

11. Understand What is react and angular ? 
React:
	React is a JavaScript library created by Facebook.
	React is a User Interface (UI) library.
	React is a tool for building UI components.
	React. js is an open-source JavaScript library that is used for building user interfaces specifically for single-page applications. 
	It's used for handling the view layer for web and mobile apps. React also allows us to create reusable UI components.
Angular:
	Angular is a platform and framework for building single-page client applications using HTML and TypeScript.
	Angular is written in TypeScript.
	It implements core and optional functionality as a set of TypeScript libraries that you import into your applications.

12.what is orm and hibernate?
Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) is a technique that lets you query and manipulate data from a database using an object-oriented paradigm. 
 When talking about ORM, most people are referring to a library that implements the Object-Relational Mapping technique, hence the phrase "an ORM.
 Hibernate ORM enables developers to more easily write applications whose data outlives the application process.
 As an Object/Relational Mapping (ORM) framework, Hibernate is concerned with data persistence as it applies to relational databases (via JDBC).

13.	How many types of file format is there ? 
  Image files              : JPEG/JPG, GIF, SVG, PNG, TIFF/TIF.
  Document files       : PDF, DOC/DOCX, HTML/HTM, XLS/XLSX, TXT.
  Video files              : MP4, AVI, MOV, FLV, AVCHD.
  Presentation files    : PPT/PPTX, ODP, KEY.
  Audio files              : M4A, MP3, WAV.

14. Difference between Spring framework and spring boot?
Spring Framework is a widely used Java EE framework for building applications whereas Spring Boot Framework is widely used to develop REST APIs.
Spring aims to simplify Java EE development that makes developers more productive whereas Spring boot aims to shorten the code length and provide the easiest way to develop Web Applications. To test the Spring project, we need to set up the sever explicitly whereas Spring Boot offers embedded server such as Jetty and Tomcat, etc.

