Q)if the exception is not in arithmetic exception then how to catch that exception?
You can catch different exceptions in different catch blocks.
 For example if an arithmetic exception occurs in try block then the statements
 enclosed in catch block for arithmetic exception executes.


Q)what languages do u need to learn as a Android developer?
Java programming language is a preferred language when it comes to Android games 
app developmen



Q)what is cloud ? what is cloud from a w s? what is cloud from Microsoft?


 cloud computing means storing and accessing data and programs over the
 internet instead of your computer's hard drive

Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of compute power, database, storage, 
applications, and other IT resources through a cloud services platform via the 
Internet with pay-as-you-go pricing.


 Microsoft Azure

Q)what is html ,css,js?


HTML provides the basic structure of sites, which is enhanced and modified by other 
technologies like CSS and JavaScript. CSS is used to control presentation, formatting, and layout.
 JavaScript is used to control the behavior of different elements.


Q)wap on hello world in html
<html>
<header><title>This is title</title></header>
<body>
Hello world
</body>
</html>

Q)diff btw java and js?

	It is a Programming language.	It is a scripting language.
2.	Java is a pure Object Oriented Programming Language.	

JavaScript is Object-Based Language.
3.	Java is a Standalone language.
	JavaScript is not a standalone language, as it needs to be integrated into an HTML program for execution.

4.	Java is a strongly typed language, which means that the user has to decide the data type of the variable before declaring and using it.
Example "int a", the variable "a" can store the value of integer type only.	

JavaScript is a loosely typed language, which means that the user does not have to worry about the data-type of the variable before and after the declaration.
Example "var a", the "a" variable can store the value of any data-type.
5.	Java program should be compiled before execution.
	JavaScript needs to be integrated into the HTML program for the execution.

Q)If JavaScript can do frontend then why react and angular ?
Best front end frameworks. According to Statista, React and Angular are two of the 
most popular web frameworks among developers worldwide in 2020.

Q)What is angular and react?

What is Angular?
Angular is a development platform built on the typescript. It is a component-based 
framework for building scalable web apps. It has a collection of well-integrated libraries and features such as client-server communication, routing, and more.
 It has a suite of developer tools to develop and scale projects from single-developer size to enterprise-grade applications.
 Moreover, it’s constantly updated technology with its latest developments led by the Angular team at Google.

What is React?
React is an open-source JavaScript library used for frontend development. It is used for building user interface or UI components. 
Its component-based and declarative traits let developers create interactive and complex UIs easily. 
Developers can build fast and scalable apps for all platforms due to its “learn once write anywhere” principle. 
React is managed by Facebook and a community of individual developers and communities.

Q) what is orm and hibernate?
Hibernate ORM (or simply Hibernate) is an object–relational mapping tool for 
the Java programming language. It provides a framework for mapping an object-oriented
 domain model to a 
relational database.

Q). what are the keywords used for...class to class 
and class to interface and interface to interface?

ans:Keywords used for class to class are extends keyword
keyword used for interface to interface we cannot implemets.
class to interface implements

Q). What is the default access for the variables 
and function define in Java 7?
 ans:Default access modifier.

Q). How many types of file format is there ?
 
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) ...
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) ...
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) ...
PDF (Portable Document Format) ...
SVG (Scalable Vector Graphics) ...
MP4 (Moving Picture Experts Group)


Q).  Example of rdbms and non rdbms?

Example of rdbms : MySql, Oracle, Sqlite, Postgres 
and MS-SQL

Example of non-rdbms:  MongoDB, BigTable, Redis, 
RavenDb, Cassandra, Hbase, Neo4j and CouchDb.




Q). Does python has a support to db2?

Before running the  SQL statements to create, update, 
delete, or retrieve data, you must connect to a 
database. For this, one must make use of the database 
API to connect to a database through either a 
cataloged or uncataloged connection.


Q). Diff Between Spring frame work and spring boot?

Spring framework is a java EE framework that is used to build applications.
The primary or most important feature of the Spring framework is dependency 
injection(Dependency Injection (DI) is a design technique that removes dependencies from 
computer code, making the application easier to maintain and test).
Its goal is to make Java EE (Enterprise Edition) development easier, allowing developers to be more productive.



Spring Boot framework is mainly used to develop REST API’s
The main or primary feature of the Spring Boot is Autoconfiguration( Simply described, Spring Boot
 autoconfiguration is a method of automatically configuring a Spring application based on the 
dependencies found on the classpath.)
Autoconfiguration can speed up and simplify development by removing the need to define some beans 
that are part of the auto-configuration classes.
Spring Boot provides the RAD(Rapid Application Development) feature to the Spring framework for faster application development.

Q). Diff Between Linux OS and windows OS?


Linux is a open source operating system.
Linux is free of cost.
It’s file name case-sensitive.
In linux, monolithic kernel is used.
Linux is more efficient in comparison of windows.
There is forward slash is used for Separating the directories.
Linux provides more security than windows.
Linux is widely used in hacking purpose based systems.


While windows are the not the open source operating system.
While it is costly.
While it’s file name is case-insensitive.
While in this, micro kernel is used.
While windows are less efficient.
While there is back slash is used for Separating the directories.
While it provides less security than linux.
While windows does not provide much efficiency in hacking.
