package package1;
// Java program to illustrate If statement
class IfDemo {
public static void main(String  args[]){
Sample2333  SampleObj23 = new Sample2333();
//  System.out.println(SampleObj23.add()  );
// System.out.println(SampleObj23.add(1,2)  );
System.out.println(SampleObj23.add("Ramana SAI")  );
}
}
class Sample2333
{
int a=90;
byte b= 89;
String name = "Ardra";
//non praprmeter
int add(){
//comment
String name = "sdfkgsdf";
int c= 23+23;
System.out.println("I am a non paramtereted and with rtetuurn value function");
return c ;
}
int add(int a, int b){
//comment
int c= a+b;
System.out.println("I am parametered  nd with rtetuurn value function");
return c;
}
boolean add(String str){
//comment
System.out.println("Hellow " +str  +"can you hear me ?");
return false;
}
}
1) Why the output is showing false?
Since the return type is boolean, false will only be returned.


2) What is the difference b/w constructor and function in the class?
● Constructor is a block of code that initializes a newly created object.
● Constructor has the same name as the class name.
● Constructor has no return type, not even void.
● Function is a group of statements that can be called at any point in the program using its
name to perform a specific task.
● Function should have a different name than class name.
● Function requires a valid return type.


3) Who gives default constructor?
jvm


4) what are the other roles of jvm?
Verifies codeExecutes codeProvides runtime environmentLoads code.
To permit Java programs to run on operating systems and any device.To manage and enhance program memory.


5) What is the difference between c and java access specifiers?
There are no access specifires in C and there are 4 access modifiers in java.


6) Why only jvm gives default constructor?
Because default constructor is used to provide the default values and this is done by java compiler.
The java compiler is the part of jvm.


7) Who provides extra functions in main method?
packages and libraries present in jvm.


8) Why string is passed in main method?
Because by passing String arrays , we can pass all the necessary parameters to the program in the form of String easily.


9) what happens if final keyword is applied on variable,class and method?
If we initialize a variable with the final keyword, then we cannot modify its value. If we declare a
method as final, then it cannot be overridden by any subclasses. And, if we declare a class as
final, we restrict the other classes to inherit or extend it.


10)Who provides extra functions in the main method?
It is a default signature which is predefined in the JVM. It is called by JVM to execute a program
line by line and end the execution after completion of this method


11)Difference b/w java 8 and java7
Java SE 7 was the first major release of the programming language under Oracle’s ownership
and stewardship since it acquired Sun Microsystems in 2010. Java 7 was a significant upgrade
to the Java model which accommodates some major upgrades to the programming language
including language enhancements, multiple exceptions handling, JVM support for
dynamically-typed languages, and more.
Java SE 8 is a revolutionary release of the programming language which took the model to a
whole new level. With Java 8, the programming language brought along its anticipated feature
called the Lambda Expressions which changed the entire coding paradigm for the Java
platform.


12) Why were collections used?
Collections are used to store, retrieve, manipulate, and communicate aggregate data.


13) Difference b/w collection and collections
● The Collection is an interface whereas Collections is a utility class in Java.
● Collection is used to represent a group of individual objects as a single unit, whereas
Collections It defines several utility methods that are used to operate on collection.
● The Collection is an interface that contains a static method since java8. The Interface
can also contain abstract and default methods.
Collections contain only static methods.
Is java call by reference or call by value?
Java uses only call by value while passing reference variables as well. 
It creates a copy of references and passes them as valuable to the methods. 
As reference points to same address of object, creating a copy of reference is of no harm.














