theoryy

1. Inline css or external file .which one is good?
>> Inline CSS is considered useful as it reduces the number of files that the browser needs to download before displaying the web page. 
With an external CSS, the browser first loads an HTML file and then downloads the CSS file. Due to these reasons inline css is given more priority

2.where to use # in css ?
>>the hash ( # ) signifies an element with a specific id attribute.
ex: #id  #firstname

3.difference bw html5 and other html versions?
>> HTML vs HTML5 – Comparison. While both HTML and HTML5 are hypertext markup languages, the main difference between them is that HTML5 is the latest version of HTML and supports more features such as multimedia,
 new tags and elements as well as new APIs.HTML does not provide native audio and video support.

4.how can you make your page responsive?
>>
Set Appropriate Responsive Breakpoints. 
Start with a Fluid Grid. 
Take touchscreens into consideration.
Use Responsive Images and Videos. 
Define Typography. 
Use a pre-designed theme or layout to save time.
Test Responsiveness on Real Devices.

5.what are cookies in backend ?
>>Cookies are tiny pieces of data that the backend can store in the user's browsers. User tracking, personalization, and most important, authentication, are the most common use cases for cookies. 
Cookies have a lot of privacy concerns, and have been subject to strict regulation over the years.

6.What is jason?
>> JSON stands for JavaScript Object Notation
>>JSON is an open standard file format and data interchange format that uses human-readable text to store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute–value pairs and arrays. 
It is a common data format with diverse uses in electronic data interchange, including that of web applications with servers.

7.understand SOAP ?
>>SOAP is defined in Wikipedia as an XML based data exchange protocol often used to transfer messages over HTTPS. 
The SOAP protocol is a key component in Web services, implementing the messaging layer of Web services to provide data access and remote procedure calls (RPC).

8.what is Node ?
>> Node. js is primarily used for non-blocking, event-driven servers, due to its single-threaded nature. 
It's used for traditional web sites and back-end API services, but was designed with real-time, push-based architectures in mind.

9.React and angular diffrence ?
>> Angular is a Javascript framework built using Typescript, while Reactjs is a Javascript library and built using JSX. 
Angular is mostly used to build complex enterprise-grade apps like single-page apps and progressive web apps, while React is used to build UI components in any app with frequently variable data.

10.Es 5 Es 61
>>ES5 is an abbreviation of ECMAScript 5 and also known as ECMAScript 2009. The sixth edition of the ECMAScript standard is ES6 or ECMAScript 6. 
It is also known as ECMAScript 2015. ES6 is a major enhancement in the JavaScript language that allows us to write programs for complex applications.

11.Wat is Rest controller and controller ?
>>The @Controller is a common annotation which is used to mark a class as Spring MVC Controller
 while the @RestController is a special controller used in RESTFul web services and the equivalent of @Controller + @ResponseBody

12.Difference btw rest controller and controller!
>>The @Controller is a common annotation which is used to mark a class as Spring MVC Controller while the @RestController is a special controller used in RESTFul web services and the equivalent of @Controller + @ResponseBody.
The @RestController is relatively new, added only on Spring 4.0 but @Controller is an old annotation, exists since Spring started supporting annotation, and officially it was added on Spring 2.5 version.
The @Controller annotation indicates that the class is a “Controller” e.g. a web controller while the @RestController annotation indicates that the class is a controller where @RequestMapping methods assume @ResponseBody semantics by default i.e. servicing REST API.
The @Controller is a specialization of @Component annotation while @RestController is a specialization of @Controller annotation. It is actually a convenience controller annotated with @Controller and @ResponseBody

13.What is button and button elavation?
>> The <button> HTML element is an interactive element activated by
 a user with a mouse, keyboard, finger, voice command, or other assistive technology. Once activated, 
it then performs a programmable action, such as submitting a form or opening a dialog.

--Button elavation means elavating the button to make it look like clickable.

14.Difference b/w button and button groups:
>> Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line. This is useful when you want to place items like alignment buttons together. You can add on optional JavaScript radio and checkbox style behavior with Bootstrap Button Plugin
“Button Groups” in Bootstrap is a class of name “btn-group” which is used to create series of buttons in groups (without spaces) vertically or horizontally.

Buttons are used to add styles for some particular actions to be performed in forms, dialogues. They even support for multiple sizes. Below given are few of the buttons:

.btn-sm	This makes the button size small.
.btn-xs	This makes the button size extra small.
.btn-block	This creates block level buttons—those that span the full width of a parent.

15.What is burger button?
>>Its function is to toggle a menu (sometimes referred to as a hamburger menu) or navigation bar between being collapsed behind the button or displayed on the screen.

16.What is noSQL?
>>NoSQL databases (aka "not only SQL") are non-tabular databases and store data differently than relational tables. 
NoSQL databases come in a variety of types based on their data model. The main types are document, key-value, wide-column, and graph. 
They provide flexible schemas and scale easily with large amounts of data and high user loads.

17.why use only react and angular?

Advantages of Angular
>> advantages of utilising Angular:

Clean code development is available.
Increased Efficiency
Interface Inspired by Material Design
Because an angular framework can handle routing, switching from one view to another is simple.
Angular CLI for Seamless Updates

--advantages of utilising React:

Because of its straightforward design, it is simple to learn.
The HTML-like syntax enables for templating as well as extensive documentation.
Developers can spend less time worrying about framework-specific code and more time writing current JavaScript.
Improve server-side rendering capability, making it a more robust platform for content-focused apps.
React allows you to migrate between versions.
Facebook has a feature called “codemod” that automates a lot of the process.
React skills can be transferred to Native development.
ReactJS is ideal for managing huge loads with relative ease when combined with ES6/7.

18>What is meta in source code of html
>> The <meta> tag defines metadata about an HTML document. Metadata is data (information) about data. <meta> tags always go inside the <head> element, 
and are typically used to specify character set, page description, keywords, author of the document, and viewport settings.

19.Internationalization ??
>> Internationalization or i18n is the design and development of a product, application, 
or document content that enables easy localization for target audiences that vary in culture, region, or language.
The aim of internationalization is to remove the barriers to localizing or deploying an application internationally. 
Unicode usage, legacy character encodings, string concatenation, etc. are some of the things which assist in designing an application to ensure successful internationalization.